feat(HTTP): Refresh 4XX response pages (#34620)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/status/428/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

The HTTP **`428 Precondition Required`** [client error response](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#client_error_responses) status code indicates that the server requires the request to be [conditional](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Conditional_requests).

Typically, a 428 response means that a required precondition header such as {{HTTPHeader("If-Match")}} **is missing**.

> When a precondition header is **not matching** the server side state, the response should be {{HTTPStatus("412", "412 Precondition Failed")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a precondition header does **not match** the server-side state, the response should be {{HTTPStatus("412", "412 Precondition Failed")}}.
```

{{HTTPSidebar}}

The HTTP **`428 Precondition Required`** status response code is part of the `400`-`499` class of [client error responses](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#client_error_responses) and indicates that the server requires the request to be [conditional](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Conditional_requests).

Typically, this means that a required precondition header such as {{HTTPHeader("If-Match")}} **is missing**.
When a precondition header is **not matching** the server side state, the response should be {{HTTPStatus(412)}} `Precondition Failed`.

## Status

```http
428 Precondition Required
```

## Examples

### Missing precondition in request

A client has fetched a resource `my-document` from the server, updated it locally, and then tries to send the updated document back to the server:

```http
PUT /docs/my-document HTTP/1.1
Host: example.com
Content-Type: application/json

{
  […]
```

> The server implementation requires that all PUT requests for the specific path or type of documents must be conditional and sends a 428 response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The server implementation requires that all [PUT](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods/PUT) requests for the specific path or type of documents must be conditional and sends a 428 response:
```

Author: done in https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/34620/commits/5ec35dbdd45b72e904277ceab6f6106a745a6c10
